now we're going to add in the second
side change my foot back to base a foot
and stitch back to a boosting stitch now
here I'm going to use a marker is this
here I'm going to use the marker there's
a seam line and I want my seam lines to
match on my finished garden I don't want
to be all over the shop so I'm going to
fold my zipper just like that and I make
a mark just like so to indicate the same
line that's a washable marker it washes
out i've tested on variety of fabrics
but always test a scratch we're using
any markers so this is the right side of
my second seam and that's the seemed
right there this is the second edge to
go on there and I am going to use a pin
here just to temporarily align this so
you can see here that's the guide for
where to place this seam and I'm going
to put this right on top of that and
then put a pin just barely through it so
that it looks like this okay so that
seam line matches up everything matches
that pretty well we might move it up a
little bit
okay so that matches up well now when I
do the second side of my zipper I
usually start from this end and I stitch
to the top and that's fine I've done it
hundreds of times and it's fine just
start a little bit down from your zipper
stall now if you choose to start your
second side from here at the top that's
fine but remember you're going to have
the garment so crammed into the sole
space here so let's just based and then
switch and we'll sew up the other side
and once again trim off all your threads
don't leave them hanging around so they
can tangle and make me him okay now this
is a sort of the test to see how well
you did you sit so just go ahead and
yeah and there we have it you can see my
seams matchup and the zipper is
invisible